the burden against the wilderness of the
sea as whirl winds in the south pass
through so it comes from the desert from
a terrible land a distressing vision is
declared to me the treacherous dealer
deals treacherously and the plunderer
plunders go up Oh Elam besiege ohmy dia
all its sighing I have made to cease
therefore my loins are filled with pain
pangs have taken hold of me like the
pangs of a woman in labor I was
distressed when I heard it I was
dismayed when I saw it my heart wavered
fearfulness frightened me the night for
which I longed he turned into fear for
me prepare the table set a watchman in
the tower eat and drink of rise you
princes anoint the shield for thus as
the Lord said to me go set a watchman
let him declare what he sees and he saw
a chariot with a pair of horsemen a
chariot of donkeys and a chariot of
camels and he listened earnestly with
great care then he cried a lie and my
lord I stand continually on the
watchtower in the daytime I have sat at
my post every night and look here comes
a chariot of men with a pair of horsemen
then he answered and said babylon is
fallen is fallen and all the carved
images of her gods he has broken to the
ground
oh my threshing and the grain of my
floor that which I have heard from the
Lord of hosts the God of Israel I have
declared to you the burden against Duma
he calls to me out of Seir watchman
what of the night watchman what of the
night the watchman said the morning
comes and also the night
if you will inquire inquire return come
back the burden against Arabia in the
forest in Arabia you will Lodge oh you
traveling companies of detta Knights o
inhabitants of the land of tema bring
water to him who is thirsty with their
bread they met him who fled for they
fled from the swords from the drawn
sword from the bit bow and from the
distress of war for thus the Lord has
said to me within a year according to
the year of a hired man all the glory of
Kedar will fail and the remainder of the
number of archers the mighty men of the
people of Kedah will be diminished for
the Lord God of Israel has spoken it